caring mother svetlana cousin
deals immediately with his four
older children
Radomira and faith words spends time for
lessons younger for toys to the word in
this year the radomira should have gone to
first grade
but parents decided to take care of education
daughters at home
school according to spouses is harmful to
health
I certainly think that the school child is not
quite good because firstly he
there is a lot of sitting and it hurts more often
the whole time is spent empty
that 30 students
the child is sitting and listening and what is he already
knows svetlana sure that school
the program can give it itself knowledge
quite enough for that besides
she spends much less time
but with great effect read and write and
and girls already know for example chemistry yes we
happy to see there as a soda
extinguished with vinegar and any such
chemical processes and physics
we do all kinds of experiences at home
that only you can do now
senior daughters day painted by the minute
music acrobatics drawing crafts
Kazakh language school is simply not there
the places we want to create better
atmosphere to give knowledge how can we
will be
school system which
back in the Soviet film he and
Kazakhstan continues to operate in Kazakhstan
meanwhile officials from education
concerned they fear that similar
example will become contagious and people
massively will not let children go to school
forms of home study in law
education this form is not provided
we are still trying to convince parents of
mad need education in
today's world, not having a child
basic education believe that this
wrong until officials persuade
kudin them give school eldest daughter in
next year to study by law must
go already 2 but while the head of the family
will have to pay a fine too
law speak in the relevant department
petition already sent to court
but